{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 What\u8217's new in v1.11.3?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This is a small update that - changes the UI a bit, - adds sensitivity sliders for the gamepad, - adds a texture quality setting, - and fixes a few bugs.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Changelog:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Click to expand\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tweaks:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Controls: Added sensitivity sliders for the gamepad.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Graphics: Added texture quality preset (Low, Medium, High, Ultra).\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Profiles:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where creating and/or deleting profiles wouldn\u8217't save the changes. Therefore, after deleting a profile, it would still appear after restarting the tool.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Home page:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added web links.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab \u8220"What\u8217's new\u8221" is now accessible through a button click.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab App Settings:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Removed \u8220"Hide What\u8217's new\u8221" option.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Gallery:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Should search through the PTS screenshot folder for images and display them now.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Translations:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Changed the font for titles in Japanese translation to Roboto Condensed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Fixed a bug that would crash the tool if a translated resource (*.rtf, *.html) couldn\u8217't be accessed. (Either because the file is locked or access is denied)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Windows 7 and 8.1:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab The Info tab in Tweaks doesn\u8217't display the embedded webbrowser anymore. Instead, there will be a button to open the info document in the user\u8217's preferred browser.\line (This is because I couldn\u8217't get the embedded webbrowser to work on older Windows versions. Windows 10 and 11 aren\u8217't affected)\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 What\u8217's new in v1.11.2?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This is another small update to address some bugs.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Changelog:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Click to expand\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab App Settings:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added a link to the app settings that opens the profile editing screen.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added an option to disable automatic *.ini backups to the app settings.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added an option to disable notifications (popups) to the app settings.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Mod Manager:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Dragging and dropping mods (archives or folders) into the list installs them at the correct position (where the cursor is) instead of at the end of the list now.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Improved the comparison of versions in the mod manager.\line This should fix the issue where the mod manager displays available updates even if the latest/newer version is installed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Fixed a bug that would crash the mod manager when updating mod information using the NexusMods API.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added another warning to the mod manager\u8217's side panel, if no (valid) files are found for packing.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Improved packing of bundled archives: junk files are now ignored. Should reduce errors.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab General:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where invalid characters in (user-defined) paths were crashing the tool. They get sanitized now.\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 What\u8217's new in v1.11.1?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This is a small update to address some bugs.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Changelog:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Click to expand\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The textbox for the resource list in the mod manager has scrollbars now.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fix: The Quick-Boy color wouldn\u8217't be applied if values in the Fallout76Custom.ini override them.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed small issue that would prevent the tool from downloading translations on first start.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Translations:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab The font for the titles changes depending on the selected language. (Russian uses Roboto, Chinese uses Microsoft JhengHei)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Minor changes\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 What\u8217's new in v1.11.0? - The \u8220"fresh coat of paint\u8221" update\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\b If you do not like the changes, you can download v1.10 from NexusMods or GitHub.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Hello everyone,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 this update is a rather large one - at least in terms of UI changes.\line I decided to rearrange everything and add a sidebar for navigation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I tested almost every tweak and changed/removed old tweaks as well as adding a few new ones.\line The mod manager has two new options. Also, I fixed some smaller bugs. Just explore a little, if you like to.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As always, you can read the changelog below.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Happy hunting,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 datasnake\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Changelog:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Click to expand\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab General:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Most notable change: Added a side navigation that replaces the top panel, the bottom status panel, and the tabs.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added a \u8220"Hero\u8221" banner to the \u8220"Home\u8221" page\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Moved \u8220"Tweaks\u8221" into their own page\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Removed \u8220"Settings\u8221" window; moved \u8220"Settings\u8221", \u8220"Profiles\u8221", and \u8220"NexusMods\u8221" into their own page\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Reworked the profile manager\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added line numbers, syntax highlighting, autocompletion and hotkeys to the \u8220"Custom\u8221" page\u8217's textbox\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Replaced the awful {\f1 FolderBrowserDialog} with a proper dialog that let\u8217's you choose a folder more comfortably.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tweaks:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Tweaks are now color-coded\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added Info about color-codes and tool tips\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Reworked tweaks:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added some missing tweaks from the ingame settings\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added Screen Space Reflections and Blood Splatter to Graphics tweaks\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1440 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added fix for black/invisible water\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Removed some tweaks that didn\u8217't do anything\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Changed some tweaks\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added FOV preview\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Removed the \u8220"Danger Zone\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab *.ini files are parsed differently now:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Comments can now be in-line and begin with {\f1 ";"} (semicolon) or {\f1 "#"} (hash)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1440 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab This might break the s76UserName and s76Password text fields.\sa180\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Pip-Boy:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added a few more Pip-Boy color presets\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added HEX codes to Pip-Boy tab\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Fixed Quick-Boy color not applying ingame\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Profiles:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab You can now change the path where the *.ini files are stored.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Mod manager:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Fixed: \u8220"Import installed mods\u8221" importing already managed mods.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added an option to create symlinks when deploying. (Experimental feature)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added an option to put bundled archives last in the load order.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Placed \u8220"Notes\u8221" under \u8220"Installation options\u8221" in mod manager\u8217's side panel\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added a button to open the folder of a mod in mod manager\u8217's side panel\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Minor changes / fixes\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added missing messagebox strings when you picked the wrong game path.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added missing messagebox strings when you delete photos in the gallery.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Made some UI elements that were previously untranslatable, translatable.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab When picking the game path, you now browse for the folder instead of the *.exe file.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab and a few more.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Removed backwards-compatibility\u8230?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab \u8230? to v1.8\u8217's Mod Manager\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab \u8230? to v1.8\u8217's Profiles\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Known issues:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab The scroll whell on Windows 7 doesn\u8217't always work properly due to how focus works in older Windows versions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab If a password written into [Login]s76Password contains {\f1 ";"} or {\f1 "#"}, it will be truncated.\sa180\sa180\par}
}
